README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat:creation product with README.md

README.md, after:

# ProdManager-Web

**ProdManager-Web** is a frontend application for managing products and categories, built with Next.js, Chakra UI, and React Query.

## 🚀 Features
- Product and category management
- Responsive UI with Chakra UI
- Dark mode support with Next-Themes
- API integration with Axios
- State management using React Query

## 🛠 Technologies Used
- **Next.js 15.2.3**
- **React 19**
- **Chakra UI 3.14.2**
- **React Query 5.69.0**
- **Axios 1.8.4**

## 🏗 Installation

### 1️⃣ Clone the repository  
`git clone https://github.com/maharyfenitra/ProdManager-Web.git`  

### 2️⃣ Install dependencies  
`cd ProdManager-Web`  
`yarn install  # or npm install`  

### 3️⃣ Run the application  
`yarn dev  # or npm run dev`  

The application will be available at `http://localhost:3000`.

## 🛡 API Integration  
ProdManager-Web communicates with the **ProdManager** backend via REST API. Ensure the backend is running before using the frontend.

## 📜 License  
This project is licensed under the **MIT License**.
